docs(config) add note for escaping path variables (#3220)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/output.md

The lengths of `[hash]` and `[chunkhash]` can be specified using `[hash:16]` (defaults to 20). Alternatively, specify [`output.hashDigestLength`](#outputhashdigestlength) to configure the length globally.

> In places where substitutions are supported but you don't want them to be substituted, for example when wanting to output a bundle with the literal name `[name].js`, you can escape it by adding backslashes between the brackets.

Reviewer: They are not exactly places, lets say
```suggestion
It is possible to filter out placeholder replacement when you want to use one of the placeholders in actual file name. For example, to output a file `[name].js`, you have to escape the `[name]` placeholder by adding backslashes between the brackets. So that `[\name\]` generates `[name]` instead of getting replaced with the `name` of the asset.
```

> Example: `[\id\]` generates `[id]` instead of getting replaced with the `id`.

Reviewer 2: `\[id\]`

Author: The escaping is with the backslashes before and after the variable name inside the brackets so it should be `[\id\]`
